This file contains the planned future content and lore for "Freshly dead empires"

			--Austria--
The situation for the already understrength Austro-Hungarian
Empire drastically worsened in early to mid 1917, with the 
Kingdom of Hungary becoming more and more embittered at the 
prospect of simply continuing to be a puppet of the Austrians
after the end of the war, eventually declaring independence.
Such an act of treason by the Hungarians in such a strategic
area along with now emboldened and rebellious Czech nationalists
soon proved too much for the weakened and war weary Austrians 
to contain, and soon the Austrian Emperor made a pragmatic 
but deeply bitter decision to make peace with the allies
in order to preserve some small portion of his empire, lest
it be lost to time completely. Since then, the remains of the
empire have been challenged internally by Left-wing Radicals, 
German nationalists, Austro-Fascists, and Liberals. A victorious
Reunion of the Empire, a long held wish of the Emperor, could
significantly boost his support and cement his place at the helm,
but one failure could easily spell his fall and flight to
Switzerland, and therefore a brutal power struggle between
the many competing Austrian political groupings.

			--Germany--
With such a crushing defeat at the hands of the allies after
losing their key ally, the Austro-Hungarian empire, Germany has 
been dissected thoroughly and weakened to the point of humiliation.
The unstable Weimar republic has an election coming up in 1936,
whoever wins the future of Germany is almost certain to change.
A communist victory could severely disrupt capitalism in Europe,
a Conservative victory would mean an alliance with Austria and 
Turkey in order to reestablish the Central alliance, and a
victory of the centrist parties would likely cause a 
reactionary coup, the results of which would mean an unprecedented
amount of German nationalism and an extremely aggressive
expansionist agenda on a level neither Germany nor Europe has
ever seen before.

			--Turkey--
After the defeat of Austria and Germany, the feeble Ottoman Empire
stood alone against an Alliance of some of the most powerful
countries in the world whilst at the same time facing multiple internal
revolts from ethnic minorities. As the Ottoman empire collapsed,
one Turkish general, Mustafa Kemal, furiously fought on in an
attempt to save Anatolia from foreign occupation and preserve it
as the bastion of the Turks after the fall of their empire.
A secularist and moderniser, while his reforms and rigorous 
ethnic nationalism reinvigorated Turkey and allowed it to put
up a fight against the seemingly unconquerable alliance, the
war effort was doomed from the start and the Father of the Turks
was forced to accept the devastating treaty of Sevres, lest his
efforts and bringing Turkey into the 20th century were completely
undone. Now at peace, one goal roars in the mind of Kemal: Reunite
the Turkish lands once and for all. Sensing an opportunity to 
pressure the British empire to cede Istanbul to the Turkish 
Republic, Ataturk has called together a great assembly of
political thinkers to decide the future of Turkey. The
assembly is likely to give him their stamp of approval and 
allow Ataturk to begin the preparations for a great war
against the occupiers, and the non-Turkish groups of Anatolia.
Though, Ataturk's complete disdain for Shariah law and the
core principles of Islam have been unpopular with large
sections of the population, and the assembly may revolt against him.


			--Greece--
Eleftherios Venizelos, still loved by the population of Greece
for his victory against turkey and almost full realisation of the
Megali idea, rules Greece at the start of the game until his 
death by stroke triggers a power struggle that will determine 
the future of Greece.

			--Russia--
The Russian Emperor, unpopular and completely out of touch with
the regular citizens of his own country, was overthrown in
February 1917 in a liberal revolution supported by almost every
segment of Russian society. Shortly afterwards, the pragmatic
politician Alexander Kerensky came to power. Despite the Bolsheviks
and their Urban supporters strongly opposing both the 
Provisional Government and the continuation of the war, Kerensky's
June offensive beat the isolated German Empire and
steadied his support. Still, woeful economic conditions persisted
and the dissatisfied Bolsheviks launched an insurrection which took
control of St.Petersburg, igniting Russia into civil war. The
Bolsheviks quickly took control of multiple cities north of
Moscow, with an Bolshevik uprising in Moscow itself being
defeated. Within 3 months however, Moscow was successfully
Captured by the Bolsheviks, this time from an attack 
originating from outside the city. The provisional government
now seemed destined to fall to either the Bolsheviks or
one of the many reactionary generals deeply fearful of a
Bolshevik victory. This is likely what would have happened
had the "Miracle at Tambov" not occurred, with the complete
blunting of Soviet momentum outside the city of Tambov
giving the provisional government what it so desperately needed:
A solid, resounding success agains the Bolsheviks on the
Battlefield. whilst the chaotic and less than popular Soviet
government was eventually pushed back and defeated, in the
Chaos of the civil war many minority areas were able to
break free of Russian control.


			--Finland--
Declaring independence during WW1 after the revolution in Russia,
Finland had its own civil war parallel with the Russian one.
When German support of anti-communist forces in Finland 
dried up and then ceased completely as Germany lost its
allies and began to lose, the Red Finns won the Finnish
civil war and went on to help liberate Estonia from Russian
rule. One of the few radical leftist governments on the planet,
Finland, despite being far from a world power, has begun to
act as a beacon of communism in Europe and beyond.

			--India--
Already a hotbed of anti-colonialism and ethnic and religious 
tension, a resurgent Germany would seek to exploit these to
wreak chaos in the crown jewel of the British empire.
The Muslims of British India, outnumbered and in many places 
surrounded by Hindus, maintain a fiercely seperate identity
and many muslim organisations would jump at the opportunity
to cooperate and work with a strong islamic power. Were the
Ottoman caliphate to be restored, Indian muslims would be
greatly emboldened and would likely, with some assistance,
attempt to overthrow the British.
